I am Suheir Abdel Fattah Muhammad Rabei Ahmed. I am a
widow with nine children,
my children and daughters. As for Ghazal Ashraf Abdel Fattah
Rabei, their house was targeted in
911. All of her family were martyred, and she was
seriously injured. Praise be to God. I mean, she is the survivor. The revelation came
from her family, meaning her family and her uncle’s house, two floors,
meaning 18.  A member of her family was lost, and she was the
only survivor. Ghazal was. I mean, when the bombing happened,
they took her out, I mean,
from their home. Their building was completely bombed. I mean, she had a
blood bleed in the brain, and she had
cranial insufficiency, and she lost part of the brain fluid. She was the girl,
and she had a fracture in the femur in
her leg, and she was the girl.  It means a lot, and she even has a
problem in her jaw and her teeth. The problem is
that her jaw is as crooked as the one above became, so
I tried to tell the doctors something about her condition, and they all
tell me that after the war, she had ghazal
before the injury. I mean, thank God, she used to go to the
bathroom
on her own and eat and go away healthy.  Then, it means her
mental abilities are weak, but thank God, she is
much better than that. I mean, when she wants to go out, she
gets the comb
and gets her boots, and she has what she wears, so her
mother takes her out. It means they worked. The most important thing they
cared about was
her head, and they meant that she would recover and the girl would wake up,
even she, so her condition was bad.  Extremely, the
doctors meant that the girl was finished, meaning there was no
hope in her.
God, who gave her birth to Omar